[Music]
all right guess what
six riddles that only the brightest
minds can crack
purely logical thinking is hard to come
by these days
only a lucky few can solve a problem
just based on reasonable deduction
are you among them let's find out with
these tricky puzzles
riddle number one
you have a scale and three gold coins
one of which is fake
the fake coin weighs less than the other
two how can you determine which coin is
the counterfeit
you have just 15 seconds to come up with
the answer
all you need to do is put any two coins
on the scale
if both of them weigh the same then the
third ones are fake
did you get that if so nice job
riddle number two a challenge for a chef
[Music]
in order to win a culinary competition a
chef needs to cook
six steaks within 15 minutes using only
one frying pan
however he can only fit four steaks in
the pan at one time
so how can he do it
[Music]
hey what's cooking the best way to solve
this problem
is to first put four steaks on the pan
and fry them for five minutes
after that flip two of them and
substitute the other two with two fresh
ones
after frying that group for five minutes
flip two steaks
and replace the fully cooked steaks with
two that are half ready from earlier
fry those for five minutes and problem
solved
well done get it well done
i don't know about you but i'm kind of
flipping out about this
riddle number three the workers salary
[Music]
a farmer hires a worker to build a well
he promises to pay him with gold every
day
the worker says it'll take him seven
days and that he'll start on monday
the farmer has a bar of gold and he'd
originally planned to sell off
one-seventh of it every day
yeah i know it's incredible a farmer
sawing up his bar of gold
but just hang with me for now anyway
however by some strange intervention or
an oddly specific saw
he can only make two cuts what can he do
in order to pay the worker his promised
daily salary
take your time on this one
all right let's start by cutting the
gold bar into three pieces
1 7 2 7 and four sevenths
that's two cuts right now let's break
down the payment process
on monday he should give the worker the
one seventh piece
on tuesday however he can hand them the
two seventh piece
and take away monday's one-seventh on
wednesday
the farmer can return the one-seventh
piece back to the worker again
then on thursday he should pay him with
the four-seventh piece
and take back the one-seventh and
two-sevenths are you still with me here
now on friday he returns 1 7th again
only to take it back on saturday and
replace it with the two-sevenths piece
and finally on sunday the worker will
earn back the one-seventh piece again
that was a lot of math and financial
planning did you come up with the same
answer
if not leave your ideas in the comments
below
riddle number four chickens and eggs
[Music]
an old lady has three chickens that can
lay three eggs
in three days one day she decides she
needs more eggs
so she buys 12 more chickens how many
eggs will the old lady have in 15 days
you have 15 seconds to count
if you said 15 sorry wrong number
if three chickens together put out three
eggs in three days
that means one chicken lays one egg
every three days
so in 15 days one chicken will produce
five eggs
which means 15 chickens will lay 75
eggs total so what does that old lady
need so many eggs for anyways
oh a bed and breakfast featuring omelets
got it riddle number five
the princess and the knights
[Music]
once upon a time there lived a king who
wanted to find a suitable husband for
his daughter
so he arranged a night tournament the
candidates had to endure a lot of
challenges
and at the end there were only two men
left
in order to decide who would marry his
daughter
the king ordered the knights to ride
their horses to the lake
the one who got their last would get the
princess
the knights mounted their horses and
rode to the lake very slowly
since neither one of them wanted to be
the first finally
after a week of riding at a snail's pace
they gave up
got off their horses shook each other's
hand and decided to go home
but then the princess came up to them
and whispered something in their
ear the knights immediately jumped on
their horses and rushed to the lake
what exactly did the princess say
[Music]
she simply told the knights to switch
horses
i guess it still counts if you get there
first but your horse gets their last
smart thinking princess
riddle number six three doors
[Music]
a boy was walking in the forest when he
stumbled upon an abandoned cabin
and just like in the movies he of course
decided to enter it
inside the door slammed shut behind him
the place was pitch black
and when the boy tried the light switch
there was no
electricity because obviously then
he heard a voice tell him he could get
out of the cabin through one of three
doors
behind the first door there were
thousands of venomous snakes that could
kill him instantly
behind the second door there was an
electric chair and an executioner who
would
also kill the boy immediately behind the
third door
there was a lion that hadn't eaten for
days
can you help the boy out you have 15
seconds to find an escape plan
[Music]
well the solution is easier than you
think the boy should just take the door
with the electric chair the electricity
in the cabin is out
remember that's why the executioner
won't be able to do a thing
otherwise he could push the executioner
to the lion
the lion would eat the executioner and
he could bolt out that door too
not really i just made that up
so how many of these riddles did you get
right
tell us in the comment section below
don't forget to give this video a thumbs
up and share it with your friends to see
who did better
subscribe to our channel if you want to
stay on the bright side of life with us
see you soon
you